Sauce hosted appium server docs (#26)
saucelabs/real-device-api: SAUCE_LABS_HOSTED_APPIUM.md

An open session transforms the remote device into your personal workbench. You are no longer just running a test;
you are orchestrating the device's state to create more powerful and realistic test scenarios.

* ***Run Dependent Tests:*** Easily test workflows that span multiple steps, like adding an item to a cart in one test and
  checking out in another, all without restarting the app.

* ***Manipulate Device State:*** Between tests, you have full control. You can programmatically:
  * Push test data, files, or pre-configured settings.
  * Clear app cache or user data to start the next test from a clean slate.
  * Run diagnostic scripts.

* ***Debug with Precision:*** If a test fails, the device and app remain in their failed state. You can keep the session
  open, get the Live View URL, and manually inspect the device to understand exactly what went wrong.

### Improved Code Structure

This approach promotes a cleaner separation of concerns. As the example below shows, the complex logic 
for reserving a device and starting Appium is centralized into a one-time suite setup. This leaves your individual `@Test` methods leaner 

> and more focused on their specific actions and assertions, making them easier to read and maintain.

Reviewer: This is in relation to your specific setup. 

I don't get why using open api automatically leads to improved code structure. 

Using just appium capabilities, as people do currently, is very clean. They don't need to manage all the device config. 

I don't think we can make this broad claim here. `This leaves your individual `@Test` methods leaner` is a big assumption

# Faster, Smarter Appium Testing with OpenAPI Sessions

> For testers, the most valuable resource is time. This guide demonstrates how to use the Sauce Labs OpenAPI —a core part of our Real Device 

Reviewer: OpenApi is the wrong name :/

API v2— to reclaim that time, enabling you to run more tests, get faster feedback, and gain unprecedented control over 
your mobile testing workflow.

## The Test-per-Session Model vs. The Suite-per-Session Model

Think about a traditional Appium test run. For every single test, you typically have to:

**Traditional Model (Test-per-Session):**
1. Wait for a device to become available.
2. Wait for the device to be prepared.
3. Wait for the Appium session to start.
4. Run your test.
5. Tear down the session and release the device.
6. Repeat for every test in your suite.

> This cycle means most of your pipeline's time is spent on repetitive setup and teardown, not on executing tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cycle means a lot of your pipeline's time is spent on repetitive setup and teardown, not on executing tests.
```

**The OpenAPI Session Model (Suite-per-Session):**

> ***The OpenAPI session model transforms this workflow.*** Instead of treating each test as an isolated event, you treat the

Reviewer: this should be rephrased. 'Event' does not mean anything here. 

Instead of reserving a device for each appium session, you reserve a device once, configure it yourself and then run any amount of appium sessions on it.

entire test suite as a single session with a reserved device.

1. Start a device session
2. Start Appium server once.
3. Run Test 1.
4. Run Test 2.
5. ...Run Test N
6. Tear down the session once.

This fundamental shift is the key to unlocking massive efficiency gains.

## Core Value for Testers: Speed, Control, and Efficiency

> Using an OpenAPI session isn't just a different technique; it's a better testing paradigm.

Author: removed ✅

> ### Blazing Speed: Go from Minutes to Seconds

Reviewer: And depending on the appium test they can start the appium test in seconds using the regular way. 

Going from 'Minutes to Seconds' seems like a very bold claim

> ### Blazing Speed: Go from Minutes to Seconds

Author: changed ✅

> By paying the "startup cost" of getting a device and launching Appium only once, your subsequent tests become incredibly fast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By paying the "startup cost" of getting a device and launching Appium only once, your subsequent tests become faster.
```

* ***Eliminate Redundant Waits:*** No more waiting for a new device for each test. The device is yours for the duration of

>   the test suite.

Reviewer: You can make another point here: 

Even better: if your test fails, the session may remain active, you can hop onto the device, and use adb or other tools to figure out why things went wrong. No more guessing and reconstructing what went wrong through video or logs. Connect to the device and replay whatever went wrong (wording is kinda bad by I think you get my point).

Actually that might be another point in it ofitself: New ways of debugging

* ***Instant Test Execution:*** Your second, third, and fourth tests can start immediately after the previous one finishes.
  This drastically shortens the feedback loop, allowing you to find—and verify fixes for—bugs faster than ever before.

### Unprecedented Control: Become a Device Orchestrator
An open session transforms the remote device into your personal workbench. You are no longer just running a test;
you are orchestrating the device's state to create more powerful and realistic test scenarios.

* ***Run Dependent Tests:*** Easily test workflows that span multiple steps, like adding an item to a cart in one test and
  checking out in another, all without restarting the app.

* ***Manipulate Device State:*** Between tests, you have full control. You can programmatically:
  * Push test data, files, or pre-configured settings.
  * Clear app cache or user data to start the next test from a clean slate.
  * Run diagnostic scripts.

* ***Debug with Precision:*** If a test fails, the device and app remain in their failed state. You can keep the session
  open, get the Live View URL, and manually inspect the device to understand exactly what went wrong.

> ### Ultimate Efficiency: Maximize Your Testing Time

Author: changed ✅

Efficiency is the natural result of speed and control.

* ***Run More Scenarios:*** Because each test is so much faster, you can afford to run a much larger and more comprehensive
  set of tests in the same CI/CD time window.

* ***Lower Costs:*** Less time spent waiting for sessions to start means less cloud time consumed, directly translating
  to lower testing costs.

* ***Simplified Code:*** As the example below shows, your test code becomes cleaner. The complex setup logic is isolated,
  leaving your `@Test` methods focused purely on the test actions and assertions.

## How It Looks in Practice
This modern Java and JUnit 5 example shows how elegantly this concept translates to code.

* `@BeforeAll` ***(The One-Time Setup):*** This method runs once before any tests. It reserves the device and starts the Appium server, making the connection available to all subsequent tests.

* `@Test` ***(Rapid-Fire Tests):*** These are your actual tests. Notice how they are short, focused, and can run in immediate succession on the same device.

> * `@AfterAll` ***(The One-Time Teardown):*** After all tests are complete, this method runs once to cleanly close the session and release the device.

Author: removed ✅

```java
@Slf4j
public class OpenApiAppiumTest {

    private static String sessionId; // The ID for our reserved device session
    private static URL appiumUrl;     // The Appium URL, reused for all tests

    /**
     * Runs once before any @Test methods. This method reserves a device via the
     * Sauce Labs OpenAPI and starts a persistent Appium server for that device.
     * The resulting session ID and Appium URL are stored for all subsequent tests.
     */
    @BeforeAll
    public static void setupSuite() throws MalformedURLException {
        // ... API authentication setup ...

        log.info("Requesting a device and starting the Appium server...");

>         sessionId = createApiSession("Android");

Author: nice idea :D

        waitForApiSessionState(sessionId, ApiSessionState.ACTIVE, 3, TimeUnit.MINUTES);
        String urlString = startAppiumServer(sessionId);

>         appiumUrl = new URL(urlString);

Reviewer: you can just change the return type of `startAppiumServer`

# Faster, Smarter Appium Testing with RDC Access API Sessions

For testers, time is a critical resource. This guide demonstrates how to use the Sauce Labs Access API to use your devices more efficiently 
and decrease the runtime of your Appium test suite. This approach enables you to run more tests, get faster feedback, and gain greater 

> control over your mobile testing workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
control over your mobile testing workflow.

You can find full code sample [below](## How It Looks in Practice):
```
